10 friends in the middle of this our channel
the kitchen of josé rangel youtube the day
today we have but with me
broccoli that we will steam and
when we are finally able to do it
add lemon a little salt or
just olive oil and salt how
make the steamed broccoli in a pot or
pan that has a lid we will place two
fingers of water and on those two eggs
two fingers of water we will add then the
broccoli this water will have to have salt and
I just added a teaspoon of salt
or sugar
and something three minutes maximum
the broccoli
obviously the two fingers of water do not
they will cover
but the effect of the cook steam
our branches of but die
and the output the taste that we are going to
to require
well, we cut the pot
lives lemon three minutes maximum five yo
I'm going to pay, I'm going to drain and then
we can do this in the micro
where will I meet a dish lined with
plastic
all the steam
I'm going to let it cool a little before
add a little salt
and we already have our blog with the video
and added salt and now a little trickle of
oil for each branch
the ribbon
to win the kitchen of joselo from
Steamed broccoli youtube